Public Release for Fall24 meta-release (#139)
camaraproject/NumberVerification: CHANGELOG.md

## Table of contents

- **[r1.2](#r12)**
- **[r1.1](#r11)**
- **[v0.3.1](#v031)**

**Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until it has been released. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is published. For the best results, use the latest published release.**

# r1.2

## Release Notes

This release contains the definition and documentation of
* number_verification 1.0.0

The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities v0.4.0
* Identity and Consent Management v0.2.0

## number_verification 1.0.0

> **number_verification 1.0.0 is the public release for v1.0.0 of the NumberVerification API.**

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
**number_verification 1.0.0 is the release of the first stable version of the NumberVerification API.**
```
